I asked the leader to ask for advice
The four little babies from 18 years ago have grown up
The four elves finally gathered again today
What the deity failed to accomplish ten or eight years ago
Destined to be done today
Betrayer dies
ruthless
It seems that five years ago, the Dragon Temple expelled the Demon Cult from the country
Not enough lessons for you
If I don't look for you, you still dare to appear in front of me
That being the case
The revenge of 18 years ago
Even if there is a battle tonight
Brother asked me to fight him
Killing my father
I must personally make you a long rainbow
A mere dragon girl is no match for me
Plus your master is almost the same.
It doesn't take your master to kill you
Xuan Ying took all the guests away
Never hurt innocent people, but the dragon girl is gone
The dragon girl is really compassionate
However, the magic power of the deity has been completed
invincible
Only these four elves can become true dragons
So today
It's the death of you and your three senior brothers
Cut the crap
Burn to death mercilessly
Hanshu